sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo  apt-get remove mysql-server
sudo apt-get remove mysql-server
cat ~/.bash_history | grep mysql-server
sudo apt-get install mysql-server-core-5.6
